[SDK gen] Fix bug for correct log issues (#10025)
Azure/azure-sdk-tools: tools/spec-gen-sdk/CHANGELOG.md

- Generated SDK breaking change label artifacts in pipeline scenario
- Refactored filter log and added entries for pipeline logging issue

> - The log issues display depends on the scriptError setting in swagger_to_sdk_config.json.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Log issue depended on the 'scriptError' setting in 'swagger_to_sdk_config.json'.
```
